hi welcome to how not to market to
consumers for a video camcorder
up first we have this nice Panasonic is
an SDR 840 P very nice camera I actually
like it the hardware is really nice it's
very functional and it works really well
and the nice thing is it also has SD
card access and you can take still
pictures with it and I've had good luck
with it I've only owned it for about a
week less than a week but there are some
amazing deficiencies and one of the
worst with this camera is the software
the software is so hideous to use it is
practically unusable tonight when I
tried to download videos and the
pictures I took it took nine minutes to
come up with the first screen from
clicking on the icon on the desktop nine
minutes took an additional six minutes
before it finally quit reviewing the
contents of the camera and allowed you
to click on any of the buttons and then
it didn't show the hard drive on the
camera so I had to click update device
it took another ten minutes if you add
that all up that's about 25 minutes then
I go click on the pictures and it takes
another five minutes to read the camera
so by this time I've got 30 minutes
invested and nothing done incredible so
I sent an email complaining about the
software the software doesn't work with
Windows Media Center Edition XP so I got
an email back today after sending it
this morning from Panasonic guess what
it says here let me go show you
dear mr. Casper we do apologise for any
inconvenience you may have experienced
with your product please refer to page
86 of the instruction manual this states
operation is not guaranteed on Microsoft
Windows XP Media Center Edition gee that
means you have to buy the product and
then find out it doesn't work
isn't that wonderful marketing Thank You
Panasonic so much for providing this
quality crafted videocam Suite 1.0
software that is garbage total garbage
thank you